Process, process, process.
Process is critical to the success of gathering quality requirements.
If you can't describe what you're doing as a process,
you don't know what you are doing.
Deming was an amazing business management consultant.
There are two critical points to process.
User's business process.
If your users cannot describe or articulate their business process then
how can you possibly gather quality requirements?
So it will be your job, using your tools,
to extract and document their business processes.
Secondly, and importantly, in your own role of gathering requirements,
you must define and follow your own process.
You need to have in your tool belt the methods and tools to
help you be successful in your endeavor.
This course will help you do just that.
The Project 'Triangle' Dilemma consists of three key elements.
Scope.
You will need to determine all the things the
customer would like this system to do.
Schedule.
You will need to determine when they would like the completed
system or possibly they may want it in increments.
Cost.
How much can they afford?
What is their budget?
Scope, schedule, and cost are in a sense, at odds of each other.
If one changes then one or both of the others must change.
It is very important to educate your customer on this concept.
The interplay of these three elements directly affects
quality and the success of your project.
Knowing your desired result is a very important concept.
The indispensable first step to getting what you want
accomplished is deciding what you want.
Describe and characterize those desired results.
So users who are in this system, what is it really?
How do you describe and characterize what the results of the project will be.
A Project Definition template is your first step in
realizing results by creating a Project Definition
Template you will be quickly on your way. A Project Definition Template equals results.